Congratulations guys.
We've wrapped up this section and what I've seen so far you've done tremendously well and I've been
having a lot of fun coming into the community site and looking at your creations as well it's amazing
to see that you come on so quickly so you've mastered the basics of pixel art.
You've got the basic brush tools all down.
I hope you're enjoying Mikey.
I think he's doing great.
It's been lots of fun so far.
More to come.
So one of the keys here now to embed your knowledge is just spend a little bit of time going a tiny
bit of an extra mile for us.
Mike is going to give you a few challenges a few ideas right now as to things you could do with what
you've learned so far so good that you're making.
Well you can certainly go back to the previous challenges that we've had and use your knowledge you
now have in order to improve them much much more than they already are specially Section 1 Challenger.
So we have black and white images back there.
Let's start adding some colour to them.
Now also what you can do is we've already done composing images on top of one another.
But how about building up a much larger image from combining 64 by 64 images like you've been doing
in this section.
That'd be cool.
And whatever you do is a little bit of an extra mile.
How did the resources go to the Q and A and share this with us.
And there's another resource I'd like to share with you.
We have our life chat service so you've been going to the forum community don't get rid of TV doing
a wonderful job they're really busy.
The other place you can go is for a live interaction to discord server we'll put a link in the resources
that will give you an invite into our server.
There's a hash arts channel in there.
Go into that hash channel and that's a place that you can not only share what you've just done or ask
for immediate help but you could also go in there and offer the community your help and so you know
you guys have just learned some basic pixel art can make you a thing and that is one of the best ways
of applying your knowledge is to apply on a real project but someone else is giving you that specification
for absolutely.
So congratulations on what you see.